README.md, before:

# Glimmer

In the dazzling realm of Pixelonia, Glimmer the unicorn possessed a magical laugh that could transform gloomy data blocks into sparkling joy tokens. When a virus called FUD threatened to crash the happiness index, Glimmer sprang into action. Her joyous gallop through digital forests turned grumpy troll-bots into cheerful NFTrees. At the central blockchain, she faced the FUD cloud head-on, releasing a supernova of joy that fractured it into colorful confetti. Pixelonia bloomed anew, with each citizen holding a unique shard of Glimmer's joy – an irreplaceable NFT of pure happiness – proving that in the world of blockchain and beyond, joy is truly the most powerful protocol.

## History

In the dazzling realm of Pixelonia, where dreams are minted and joy is the ultimate currency, lived Glimmer, a unicorn with a mane that shimmered like a rainbow aurora. Glimmer's special power? A laugh that could turn the gloomiest data blocks into sparkling joy tokens.
One day, a virus called FUD (Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt) threatened to crash Pixelonia's happiness index. Glimmer galloped into action, her hooves leaving trails of glittering code. As she pranced through the digital forests, her infectious giggles transformed grumpy troll-bots into cheerful NFTrees, their branches heavy with fruit-shaped emojis.
Reaching the central blockchain, Glimmer faced the menacing FUD cloud. With a mighty neigh, she released a supernova of joy. The cloud fractured, raining down colorful confetti of positivity across the land.
Pixelonia bloomed anew, each citizen now holding a unique shard of Glimmer's joy – an irreplaceable NFT of pure happiness. The once-gloomy landscape became a vibrant tapestry of delight, proof that in the world of blockchain and beyond, joy is the most powerful protocol of all.

## Installation

Follow these instructions to install the necessary software and run the project.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/storyofglimmer.git
cd storyofglimmer
npm install
```

## Start    

Start project.

```bash
npm start
```

## Links

- [WebPage](https://storyofglimmer.xyz/)
- [Github](https://github.com/adovrodion/storyofglimmer)
- [Twitter](https://x.com/storyofglimmer)

## Contacts

- [Telegram](https://t.me/adovrn)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/adovrn)
- [Email](mailto:bizpromotionru@gmail.com)
- [X](https://x.com/rodionadov)

## License

MIT License

## Built exclusively for the Base ecosystem.

Commit message:

docs: update README with environment variables section

README.md, after:

# Glimmer

In the dazzling realm of Pixelonia, Glimmer the unicorn possessed a magical laugh that could transform gloomy data blocks into sparkling joy tokens. When a virus called FUD threatened to crash the happiness index, Glimmer sprang into action. Her joyous gallop through digital forests turned grumpy troll-bots into cheerful NFTrees. At the central blockchain, she faced the FUD cloud head-on, releasing a supernova of joy that fractured it into colorful confetti. Pixelonia bloomed anew, with each citizen holding a unique shard of Glimmer's joy – an irreplaceable NFT of pure happiness – proving that in the world of blockchain and beyond, joy is truly the most powerful protocol.

## History

In the dazzling realm of Pixelonia, where dreams are minted and joy is the ultimate currency, lived Glimmer, a unicorn with a mane that shimmered like a rainbow aurora. Glimmer's special power? A laugh that could turn the gloomiest data blocks into sparkling joy tokens.
One day, a virus called FUD (Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt) threatened to crash Pixelonia's happiness index. Glimmer galloped into action, her hooves leaving trails of glittering code. As she pranced through the digital forests, her infectious giggles transformed grumpy troll-bots into cheerful NFTrees, their branches heavy with fruit-shaped emojis.
Reaching the central blockchain, Glimmer faced the menacing FUD cloud. With a mighty neigh, she released a supernova of joy. The cloud fractured, raining down colorful confetti of positivity across the land.
Pixelonia bloomed anew, each citizen now holding a unique shard of Glimmer's joy – an irreplaceable NFT of pure happiness. The once-gloomy landscape became a vibrant tapestry of delight, proof that in the world of blockchain and beyond, joy is the most powerful protocol of all.

## Installation

Follow these instructions to install the necessary software and run the project.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/storyofglimmer.git
cd storyofglimmer
npm install
```

## Environment variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your values:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
# then edit .env
```

Required keys:

| Key | Description |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `REACT_APP_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`  | Deployed Glimmer NFT contract address      |
| `REACT_APP_WALLETCONNECT_PROJECT_ID` | WalletConnect Cloud project-id           |

Without valid values WalletConnect will fail to initialise and the Mint button will call a wrong contract.

## Start    

Start project.

```bash
npm start
```

## Links

- [WebPage](https://storyofglimmer.xyz/)
- [Github](https://github.com/adovrodion/storyofglimmer)
- [Twitter](https://x.com/storyofglimmer)

## Contacts

- [Telegram](https://t.me/adovrn)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/adovrn)
- [Email](mailto:bizpromotionru@gmail.com)
- [X](https://x.com/rodionadov)

## License

MIT License

## Built exclusively for the Base ecosystem.
